# CST116_InventoryProject
GCU enterprise applications programming 1 group project

Hello Classmates,
I am posting this here even though it is not necessary for the assignment so you all can see what I will be writing for my submission. I am not entirely sure if this is correct however that is what I am going for. If you would like you can all add you contributions here to the read me and what you expect to contribute along the way. I look foward to working with all of you!

My Contributions thus far have been set up of the Git Repository and gathering of the group. Going on I would also like to assume the responsibility of creating the code for finding customer data as well as updating it and depending on how much we decide to do I would also be okay with creating the code for the billing information as well. I will also be contributing with the overall organization of the Requirements Documents as well as filling it out and keeping it up to date as we progress. 
I would also liike to note that I aided in the decision making of the type of business we wanted to target and what direction we should take it including creation of different administrative pulls within the program that can have access to different portions of the program while others will have other accesses. I recommended the member based services Netflix and Hulu to base our program off of. It would track the member overall with billing information, account information (length of membership, tier of membership), then had controls for administrators like updating billing, changing/upgrading/lowering membership tier and many other aspects still to be discussed within the group. 
